I'm Wesley Morris and this is
Cannonball. Get yourself a Cosmo cuz
we're going to pour one out for SATC.
[Music]
By now, you have probably heard the
news. And just like that, the Sex in the
City reboot, it's ending tonight after
three seasons. They kept it under wraps
until the last possible minute that this
wasn't just the final season. This was
like the end like forever. Like forever.
Ever. It's exactly what you do when
you're afraid to tell somebody something
you know is going to crush them. And you
know I am a little crushed. But if I
think about it, I'm also not surprised
from Jump Street. This show got ripped a
new one for being cringe, for being
woke. People love Duncan on it. It's
like Carrie, Miranda, Charlotte, minus
Samantha, cuz somehow she knew better.
They all woke up in George Floyd's wake
and had more programs to attend than an
Usher hands out at a Broadway show, if
you know what I'm talking about. With
the return of these three came a set of
two black women, an Indian-American
woman, and Shade Diaz. Woo! New Yorkers
here to address the perceived social
blind spots of the original series past.
They weren't received as equals, though.
They were read as token sidekicks. I
mean, the contempt made some sense, but
I also don't know. Humorlessly hating
this show for just trying. Oh, that felt
like a real bid era thing to do. This
reboot didn't offend or insult or turn
me off. I actually was seduced. And so I
had to wonder among all the disdain for
this reboot, have people been watching
this show incorrectly this entire time?
I knew my pal and colleague Taffy Bodess
Aner share my love for just like that.
That her love for it probably surpasses
mine. Taffy is the author of dozens of
superb profiles and essays. She's also
making TV of her own out of her two
novels. The second of them, Long Island
Compromise, is in development right now.
And so before we got the news that
tonight's episode was gonna be the last,
I wanted us to make out with this show
for a little while. Definitely Samantha
would approve. We wanted to ask why
can't y'all feel what we feel? But
clearly it wasn't enough. So please
enjoy what is now a eulogy.
[Music]
Taffy.
>> Hi, Wesley.
>> Welcome to Cannonball.
>> I'm so excited to be here.
>> I can't believe you're here.
>> I'm so excited to be here because I am
so excited to finally be speaking with
someone who loves this show the way I
do. But listen, I want to start by
asking you, I don't know, how you how
you felt about going into watching this
rejuvenated Sex in the City kind of by
way of offering you my relationship to
it, which basically is I didn't want to
do it. I had no interest. They I heard
this was happening. I was like, "Oh no,
the IP crisis has come for Sex in the
City. This is this is terrible. Bad
news. I don't like reboots, remakes. I I
don't I think it's sad. The idea that
one of my favorite television programs
was gonna come back as a current version
of itself kind of nauseated me, but then
I watched it and everything kind of made
sense to me. This is a show about being
middle-aged.
>> That's what I think. I think that the
people who watch it and have hate for it
are expecting something that it never
told us it was going to give us. First,
I'll answer your question and tell you
when I heard all I could say is what
took so long.
>> No.
>> And I've been waiting for it and on the
day it premiered, I was waiting for it
and and like reloading to see if it was
if it was available yet. I am I am born
of Sex in the City. I was made by Sex in
the City. I have a toxic relationship
with men, women, and my own body that
was born of how we were back then.
>> You mean like in the in the late 90s,
early 2000s,
>> but also before that,
>> right? That that show was this original
bombastic. I had never seen anything
like it. I was raised in an Orthodox
household. I was raised I have three
sisters and we were raised that a girl
goes from her father's house to her
husband's house
>> and I did not have a sort of romantic or
sexual identity and I was susceptible to
anything but everyone else was so far
ahead of me and I was always waiting to
become a woman who is out on the town
and going on a million dates. These
women were about seven years older than
I was. Although they're different ages,
but Carrie I clocked as about seven
years older. I thought that they were
teaching me something about the things
that could happen, the things that would
happen, the choices I would have to
make. I don't know what I think is that
I was in search of an identity and they
were an identity.
>> Mhm. Okay.
>> And I was shopping. I was like, am I
going to be like this? Am I going to be
like this? Am I going to be like this?
And it reflected this moment in time
>> before we were asking ourselves if all
of this patriarchy was okay. It exists
>> before an examination of the patriarchy
and it plays ball with the patriarchy.
How am I going to find
>> a man and and just a man and how am I
going to do that? How am I going to get
there? And it dared to ask and will that
make me happy? Mhm.
>> And I was grateful for it and it worked
for a lot of other women too for
probably other reasons.
>> Um I will say as a as a gay man, it
really worked for me.
>> Tell me why.
>> Uh
cuz I I mean I'm we're the same age.
>> Yeah.
>> I had all kinds of models for things
that were um intellectual. You can learn
a lot from a novel about a lot of
different things, but to see an aspect
of life that you were about to embark
on, I mean, we had different
upbringings, but at the end of the day,
when you become an adult and you get
thrust out into the world, you need some
kind of model for or or confirmation is
really what it was. It wasn't that I was
trying to do anything that the
characters were doing on the show. It's
just I was living a life that
corresponded to some of these
experiences.
>> Yeah. I needed guidance on how to be a
regular person.
>> I needed guidance on how to not leave
this house that I was raised in and
speak with an accent
>> like a figurative one. I didn't I always
spoke in English.
>> Something that identified you as what?
Being a Jew?
>> No. That I that I would be a standard
American woman.
>> Sure.
>> That is what I was looking for in this
show.
>> And these women seemed like standard
American women to you. They were the
only women that were being presented to
me. So, how could they not be? I mean,
that show it I it was serious as a heart
attack to me. I was 25 years old. I had
my first magazine job and I would watch
it
>> in a trance. Nobody was allowed to talk.
It was like this sacred period of time.
>> And I lived on the Upper East Side at
the time, which was like Carrie. It was
the It was the actually the one of the
least expensive areas of Manhattan at
the time that you could find upper east
side.
>> Yeah. That in the in the late 90s and
early as you could find an apartment
that had been cut into four
>> so that three people didn't have a
window and there was good transportation
and there was good food
>> and the Upper Side has sort of become an
unspeakable place. But at the time after
Sex in the City, which everyone watched
at the same exact time, women would
flood the streets, find each other, you
would find your friends, and you would
sit down and you would talk about it.
>> Like I think people have a fantasy that
book clubs should be. But this was
actually we all took it tremendously
seriously. It was important to us,
right? No other showed a woman's point
of view
asking questions about these things. No
other showed friendships like this.
>> You said that you
found out this was happening. You were
in. It was not It was not a difficult
decision for you to make to watch the
show.
>> It was not a decision.
>> There was no decision. You were just
like you were banging the table with
your knife and fork like where is my
meal?
>> Yes. Um, the thing that astonished me
about watching it, because I didn't
watch it immediately, it was like maybe
I came in maybe five weeks in, uh,
because I was hearing people talk about
it, uh, in different ways, which we'll
get to. But I was surprised by the
surreality
of it was as though some wrinkle in time
had happened and the show never went off
the air.
It It's not because, you know, we have
to think about what we're calling this.
I called it a reboot in the
introduction. It's not a reboot.
>> It is a continuation.
>> It's a continuation.
>> It's not a sequel,
>> right?
>> It is. You're right. It is like it's
been going on and someone finally set up
a camera.
>> Yes. It they've been living without us
this whole time.
>> Absolutely.
>> And it's like we turned a corner and
wound up in Sex in the Cityville except
it's called something else.
>> They're like, "We can't. We're
menopausal now. Now we're all on
estrogen patches and we should name it
something else.
>> And the world is different though,
right? Right. And the the discovery here
was that their
>> You mean the world is different, not the
world of their world is different.
>> I think both the world of their world is
different. I think the world of their
world is different because the world is
different. Right.
>> And the show
>> Exactly. is a correspondent to the way
that we think about all of the things
that we kind of not that we didn't think
about them but we thought about them
differently in 1998
>> right
>> and those things include
race gender men
>> right
>> uh sexual orientation the way we talk
about different things our sense of
etiquette has shifted
>> right
>> I mean it just was a different show and
now that show comes back in 2021. I
think kind of a like it knows the world
has changed and I think the show is
trying I think in just like that is
trying to atone in some ways for the sex
it was having in the in the old city.
>> We all are.
>> Yeah. I mean, that's what I guess I
think about the show is that it is
about,
you know, chickens coming home to roost
in your life and
>> Oh, I see where
>> and getting to the point
>> where the world is now passing you by. I
think it is a stone cold documentary
>> about women on the Upper East Side. I
think it is the wire levels of realism.
>> Oh my god.
>> And if you go to say Ralph's on 72nd
Street, you could overhear a bunch of
women talking about menopause, one of
the others, secret alcoholism, why they
have no black friends, like the crisis
of 2021 writ large with these women.
There's something about that that I
appreciate. That I appreciate that
Miranda freaks out in front of her black
professor the first time she meets her
and and and
doesn't know how to behave.
>> You're the professor?
>> Yeah.
>> You're Nia Wallace.
>> Yes. Why do you seem so surprised?
>> Well, your braids.
>> A law professor can't have hair like
mine. Why is that?
>> Oh, no, no, no. I didn't I didn't mean
because of the braids. I was I was I I
was just thrown because the braids are
are so different than the hair in your
photo on the Columbia website. My
comment had nothing whatsoever to do
with it being a black hairstyle. I I
knew that you were black when I signed
up for this class. That was important to
me.
>> You signed up for this class because I'm
black.
>> Well, not just because you're black.
>> There's something I appreciate about
them not pretending that they never made
a mistake,
>> that they didn't live it. They sort of
experienced the world the way so many
people did, which is, "Oh my god, I
never realized I wasn't thinking about
that. I never realized what my blind
spots were."
>> Well, this is an interesting way to
think about this. I think for a lot of
people, the original show
wound viewers up doing this particular
identification game where, you know, are
you a Charlotte? Are you a Miranda? Are
you a Samantha? I'm all of them. And I
think that like if we're all like if we
all have access to our full selves,
we're like there's a little bit of all
those women in us. But I think the thing
that was hard for people if they were
playing that game back, you know, when
the when the original show was on like
and you identified as a Miranda, what
does it mean in 2021 when you see
Miranda
doing Karenesque stuff,
>> right,
>> on this reboot? And the show is sort of
owning and allowing Miranda to be this
privileged racial white liberal guilt
accidentally racist mess.
>> Right.
>> That must have been that was Was that
hard for you to watch as a as a as a
person who was identifying so deeply
with this show as being a document of of
actual life? I would say first of all
just to name it I I felt that I was uh
like a Carrie
with a with a Miranda rising
born under a Charlotte moon. I like
Samantha made no sense to me and or she
did. I knew a bunch of Samantha's but
couldn't get there. I think the question
I would ask is what do you think
happened to those women? How do you
think they evolved? How do you think
they ended up? And this is an again a
stone cold accurate response.
>> Yeah. I I want to actually talk about
the contempt for the show for a second
because I didn't not understand it.
Right. I think it comes out of a people
were were seeing in this show what you
call the chickens coming home to roost.
Not necessarily for the characters, but
like for the show itself, right? The
lack of self-awareness about everything
from race, class,
>> gender,
>> yes,
>> all of the things that are top of mind
to many people in this particular moment
that probably should have been important
the entire time,
>> right? the show's attempt to seem
current in in a way that it never seemed
like it was trying to be current
originally, but now they're catching up
to the present and most of that is was
sort of filtered through the appearance
of like Gen Alpha kids and Gen Z kids
and and the use of podcasting.
>> Can I say first
>> and what do you think? I'm just
wondering like what you think that was.
>> I I'll tell you that I think that a show
has to have a point of view. Somebody is
telling you this story and I guess when
you're talking about missteps in showing
the current world, can I ask if maybe
you look at it through the lens of that
is how these four women see the world.
This is how they see a podcast. This is
how they see a discussion about
masturbation. This is how they see young
people. This is how they see people who
look different from them. And all of it
is shown that way. And I sort of
appreciate a strong point of view in a
show that every aspect of it is
middle-aged.
>> Yes.
>> That it is not trying to show like I am
middle-aged. I'm 49 years old. when I
when I was in culture meeting
conversations hoping that I could figure
out who everyone was talking about as it
slowly dripped away from me as it was
what it was stuff I had to research
instead of know like as I as I started
writing almost exclusively about either
the hugely famous or like I don't know
maybe I'll go back in time and write
about Val Kilmer. It was because I sort
of lost the thread
>> on what is
>> how to be in the present
>> on on how to what the story is on why
these people became famous when I was
writing about famous people on do I do I
understand the culture well enough to
write about Siza
>> Bad Bunny any of the people that are I'm
reading great profiles on now can I
bring to it an a sort of like like
global view of how this person became
famous and why they areant important in
the culture and I saw it slowly dwindle
and I saw that the young people started
to look even younger to the point where
right now I cannot always tell the
difference
>> just by talking to someone between like
a 27y old and a 32y old which used to be
I used to know it down to the second
>> so when I'm going to go back to but I'm
going to your question now
>> but this is the documentary part
>> this is the documentary part and now
what I will say to you is if you hate
this show, do you actually just hate
middle-aged women, you wouldn't be the
first. That is the the crazy thing I
will say on this podcast that maybe I'll
call you up and say just take it out
later cuz I don't need the trouble.
>> No, but I feel the same way.
>> There's this extraordinary experience I
have with this show. I will watch an
episode of Sex in the City, the
original, at just any time of day.
>> You just put them on. just put them on
and I just and I and sometimes I do it
because I'm trying to figure out how did
I get this way.
>> So they're a snack for you.
>> They are a snack for me, but they're
also like an anthropological like a
historical here is what led to this,
here's what led to this thinking, here
is why you are like this. I sometimes
was watching the show and as it ended if
you didn't shut it off in time what it
does what the app does what the Max uh
Kum HBO Max app does is it takes me to
the Sex in the City episode I was
watching last
>> and the emotional reaction I have from
seeing these women middle-aged to then
seeing them young. I could cry right now
talking about it because it's me. M
>> I go from watching these women
middle-aged to watching them young. And
so I go from middle-aged
to who I was when I was watching it. And
the whiplash of it
>> has me asking, do you hate this show or
do you hate yourself a little bit for
allowing this to happen to you that I
got old?
>> Yeah, I I agree with that. I think the
thing that that I admire about the show
is that it's also hard to achieve that
with a kind of grace.
>> So, it's not really trying to be
graceful about it.
>> Um, there's a wonderful moment in, I
believe, season one
>> where Carrie is laid up in bed.
>> She gives Miranda one job.
>> The job is
>> to have sex with.
>> The job is to come over and take care of
her.
>> And Miranda signs up for it. Of course,
I'm your friend. I love you. I will do
anything you want. I will come and like
you need to help me to the I you need
help to the bathroom. I will help you to
the bathroom.
>> And it's a hip operation. It was the
first sign to me that they were not
going to be vain.
>> Right. Right. I mean that sign gets
taken a beat further in this episode,
which is, you know, she has the hip
operation. She's laid up in bed. Miranda
comes over, but so then does Chay, this
the podcaster that Miranda is falling in
love with, discovering that she now is a
lesbian. Um, Miranda Chay is on Chay's
own journey. They're having the most um
>> what I would describe as classic old
school bad lesbian movie sex in Carrie's
Kitchen.
>> Miranda.
>> And also the hottest sex scene that has
ever been on that show.
>> Maybe. But I think
>> it was like extended. There were
close-ups. There was a lot.
>> Yeah, it was a lot. But meanwhile, while
they're doing this in totally different
lighting and everything, Carrie has to
go to the bathroom. And so she does it
gymnastically
by going into the only available
receptacle, which is a I believe a
Snapple bottle.
>> Sure.
>> That was the best feeling I've ever had
in my life.
>> Product placement where you
>> That is That is I mean that was that's
new for that's new for TV. that is new
for a 50 year old women, but it also to
me was indicative of what this show's
priorities were going to be,
>> right?
>> Which was not making anything cute.
Remember all that sport
>> sex that that they were having in the
old days over
>> the new sport now is can I aim my urine
in this bottle?
>> Well, you discover new things about your
sexuality. Which brings me a little bit
to Carrie. Do you remember her reaction?
How she
beat the crap out of Miranda after that?
And Miranda is like like has landed on a
new planet and has discovered something
about herself that she didn't know. But
her friend instead of like, "Okay, tell
me what's going on. That was an awful
six minutes, but you tell me what's
going on because this is a huge change
for you." She
>> she's livid.
>> She is livid. And I want to say about
Carrie that we talk about anti-heroes a
lot, right?
>> Oh, this is I love I don't know where
you're going, but like I'm I'm
definitely here for her joining Breaking
Bad: The Sopranos.
>> Sure.
I feel that the world has been trying to
show female anti-heroes
for as for slightly less as long as
they've been showing us male
anti-heroes, right? And the question
that the last 20 years has been asking
is what is a female anti-hero? And the
answer is often, oh, she curses a lot.
She dumps men. She drinks. she um she
loves them and leaves them, whatever it
is, like things that we don't associate
with polite female behavior. But
actually, what if Carrie Bradshaw is the
first legitimate
female anti-hero born long before we had
our badass girl boss revolution?
>> Oh, I see. I see. I see.
>> What is a female anti-hero? is a female
anti-hero. Somebody who is not going to
listen to you
talk about your sex life while she just
had to pee into a bottle.
>> Interesting. I
I'm really sitting in this for a second
because I don't disagree. I actually
believe that Carrie that dark Carrie
from from from that early run of the
show where she became obsessed.
>> You mean why she had low lights?
That was season four.
>> Wasn't that also when she was chasing
after Big Yeah.
>> And you know, she has an affair with her
current boyfriend who's Aiden and she
just becomes a person who becomes
obsessed with stalking a man and
committing all kinds of behavior that
you don't typically associate with what
I would say on a different show would
have just been a princess figure,
>> right?
>> Um would have been looking for love and
failing to find it. But you just shake
the Etch a sketch with each new episode
and another another possibility for
sweetness and satisfaction would take
place. Instead, you got a show where
your heroine is suddenly in fatal
attraction.
>> Desperate. There is a super cut on the
internet somewhere of Carrie surprise
visiting big
>> and it makes in like 30 seconds it makes
an incred
or she comes in and she's in a beret
with a baguette cuz he's going to Paris.
>> She does everything that my mother told
me you are not supposed to do to keep a
man. She is desperate. She is needy. The
show refuses to show any evidence as to
why this man has captured the heart and
and attention and obsession of our
heroine
>> except that he's unavailable basically,
>> right?
>> She can't have him.
>> And by the way, that used to be enough.
It used to be we all a we all understood
it and we all agreed. Yes. And now an
actual show that was that was like
lowercase woke, right, would would say
that a woman wouldn't stand for that
when actually most of the young women I
know still do.
>> I want to take a second to sit in the
world of this new
road the show has gone down because I'm
going to call it this. It's the same
show, but it's just opened up. And one
of the things it's opened up into is
bringing these other women into the
world of the show. One is this real
estate agent played by Serita Chowries.
Her name is Sema Patel. Uh Nicole Ari
Parker plays this woman Lisa who becomes
friends with Charlotte. Their kids go to
this ritzy private school together.
>> This is an Indian woman who grew up in
Queens. Yeah.
>> And a you know wealthy black woman.
>> Yeah. And I think in there for a while,
for two seasons, there was another black
woman, this professor that Miranda
becomes friends with, her professor,
>> Karen Pitman, whom I love.
>> Yes. She teaches at Columbia Law School.
Miranda's a student there now. And you
spend a lot of time on this show in the
inner lives of these other women. And I
think one of the complaints about the
show initially was that these women were
here as tokens,
>> right? But I think if the for the people
who had that complaint and I was not
immune to it, but I kept watching and I
saw the show
incorporate them in a way that felt
really meaningful and persuasive,
>> right? and you got led in on a question
that I frequently had in the old version
of Sex in the City, which is what would
it look like for
these worlds to also look at what it is
like to be married and or single as as a
non-white woman. Um, it's not radically
different as it turns out, which is also
part of the point. If you are rich,
>> if you've got the resources. Yes.
>> For instance, the Sema character has
done the work of of standing in
both in terms of her self-confidence,
her comfort with with herself, but also
her interest in companionship.
She's doing a lot of the work that
Samantha did, right, on the original
show,
>> right? and
>> and yet is a wholly different character
>> and is a completely different character.
>> She's got a great moment in the third
season of this show where she's talking
about this hate dating idea.
>> You know, I think that's what I'm doing
with men. Hate dating. And what exactly
does hate dating look like
>> and why she goes on all these dates?
It's which is because she kind of enjoys
not liking the men, right?
>> So, yeah, me and my ex weren't really
right for each other, but we love our
kids and we're determined to stay in
each other's lives, you know, so they
don't suffer. You know what I think,
Wolf?
>> I think your divorce isn't final. I
think you're shopping around, sampling
the merchandise, and you're going to
reconcile with your wife about 10
minutes after you tell me you love me.
>> She just knows they're lying. She knows
they're going to disappoint her. They
know. She knows that there's something
kind of inherently self- serving about
the things they're telling her they're
going to do, right? I love that this
show is now about like a different
galaxy of women while also being about
the original three women,
>> right? I feel like the incorporation was
not seamless because it was so jarring
because you're just so used to the four
of them. You're like, think about the
poster. Think about the way you see them
walking down the street and how jarring
it is without Samantha when they do the
sort of wide shot of them walking down a
street on the way to an event.
>> Mhm.
>> It was always going to be hard to
incorporate anybody new and I come this
season that we just watched, I think
they did a great job. And it's it and
the writing is there for them in the
same way that it's there for Carrie and
Miranda and and Charlotte, but also it's
about old friendships now. Right.
>> Right. Like very old friendships
>> and the ways in which they are both
solid and fragile at the same time.
>> Right.
>> And that to me feels
ex I'm now watching for that. I'm now
watching to see how these
>> right
>> how these people are gonna maintain a
long friendship and build new
friendships.
>> I'm interested in that. I'm also
interested in the same way I was
watching it as a young woman trying on a
sexual identity or a romantic identity.
I now watch it in my my own like my own
sort of mellowing
>> and watching their accelerated mellowing
because they're older than I am and
they're the same distance now between me
and them as there was when I was younger
and
it is letting me off the hook when I
think of friendships I have that are a
little that have curdled into like
friendships you just you keep around
because you can't make old friends. Mhm.
>> Because you need someone who remembers
things.
>> You can't make old friends.
>> Write that down.
>> I'm going to write that down.
>> You can't You can't make old friends.
You can't have people who who the people
who knew you when you were all
potential,
>> the people who look at you and still see
you in your 20s, no matter how hard they
try. Like I look at you and I don't know
if you've aged, but I also know that you
and I have known each other for 15 years
and you look to me like you looked when
I met you. I don't see you as different.
I don't know if you seen me as
different.
>> I don't.
>> And it's that's an incredible gift of
friendship. If we met each other today,
I'd be like that guy's 50 like me. We
both like do do I look like that? Right?
Like that sort of thing. But we we look
like we did when we were younger. And I
look at them now and I see the way they
let me off the hook. When I struggle to
wonder why some of my relationships are
bad, why I behave a certain way in
friendships where there's a sort of
struggle for control.
>> I look at them and I say, "Oh my god,
it's not going to get better. It's not
just happening to me. I might as well
just roll with it.
>> Interest. What? What do you mean by
that?
>> I mean that. Well, can I show you a
scene?
>> Sure.
>> Do I set the scene up at all?
>> By all means, cuz I don't know what's
about to happen.
>> Okay. So So this is episode seven. It's
called
>> from season 3.
>> From season 3.
>> Okay.
>> Um it's called They Want to Have Fun.
>> Oh, this is a great episode. This is the
house party episode.
>> This is a house party episode. And this
is a portrait of a controlling
friendship
>> where Carrie says, "I want to throw a
party
>> for a party for her birthday next week."
>> Okay, let's do it at my new place. I've
been wanting to have a
>> And Miranda's like, "I just got this new
apartment. It's furnished. I I'm going
to do I'm going to have it at my place."
>> Bigger party and I have all that space.
>> And like, we're not having it at your
place.
>> Just let me plan it.
>> Okay. Well, it doesn't have to be a
>> um Miranda still game comes in a silver
lame jumpsuit.
>> I love this scene because it is very
much a best friend thing to be the last
person
>> in the house in the kitchen eating
leftover cake
>> in your lame jumpsuit. If anybody knows
the make and model of Carrie's dress,
please contact me immediately. I feel I
would look good in it.
I don't think I could fit into it.
>> Carrie is still in her party dress.
>> Yeah, she they're both still in their
party clothes.
>> I think Charlotte had a fun time.
>> Oh, she did. I'm so glad.
>> Yay. Us.
And you and Duncan seemed to be having
fun as well. Kind of caught a little
vibe there. So, are you across the room
laughing and sipping his drink?
>> She's so satisfied with the observation.
>> Yes, I laughed and I sipped a drink.
What are you saying? Wait, are you
upset?
>> Look how terrified Miranda is.
>> I don't understand what's happening
right now. We were just doing a fun
little party debrief.
>> Miranda, I'm in a relationship.
>> Well, of course you are. I was just
saying it was nice to see you having
fun.
>> I don't have
>> This is a friendship dynamic.
>> You know what? Never mind.
>> No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't don't
don't do that. It It's just
what?
>> It's just sometimes it seems like
like you're working so hard with Aiden.
>> Well, yes. I I guess I am.
>> And that is when Carrie comes and stomps
her city.
>> I laughed and had a sip of scotch. I am
allowed to laugh and sip scotch.
>> Of course you are. That's what I'm
saying.
>> No, that's not what you're saying. What
are you really saying?
>> But Sarah Jessica Parker, she is acting
the not wanting to own the revelation of
being caught in something she doesn't
even know she's expressing.
>> Yes. But you know how there are like a
million
bones in your feet and they all work
together in a way you can't even imagine
to take a step.
That is how women communicate with each
other. They are like constantly testing
what is okay to say and what is not okay
to say. And this is like Carrie lash.
This is I would call this lashing out. I
would say this is lashing out. Making
Miranda feel unsafe. This is her primary
relationship. She's divorced now.
>> And Carrie takes the power that every
woman who is someone else's primary
friendship knows she has and she serves
herself and her own anger, which is what
is so amazing about this show as it
depicts friendship.
>> I agree. Um, but I just want to think
about this because Carrie is receiving
it as an attempt to rest control of a
narrative,
>> right? and to tell her what her story is
actually about.
>> That's an that's an interesting
interpretation,
but I think everyone here is a little
drunk and feeling
>> don't don't blame it on the alco ala
alcohol.
>> You know, it's funny that you I want to
just I just want to reflect back to you
that
that that
what actually you brought up Sarah
Jessica Parker. Mhm.
>> You you defended Sarah Jessica Parker
acting here.
You take this scene very personally. My
criticism of her behavior in this has
triggered you. Tell me why.
Because I think Miranda is
Oh my god. Here's the documentary part.
I think Miranda is
um
Miranda's always trying to judge people.
The minute Miranda starts in, I'm like,
"Oh, I know where this is going. This is
going to turn into a judgment. She's
going to accuse Carrie of cheating on
Aiden with Duncan without any proof."
And Miranda has never met a conclusion
that she could not just leap to,
>> right? I think Harry is kind of using 30
years of friendship to call her out on
it. I don't know. I feel like
>> there is a way to communicate that.
>> You're right about making her afraid.
>> Yes.
>> I just think that even if I totally
agree with what you're saying or
identifying, I mean, I do agree with it,
but it's just it's not hitting me the
same way that it's hitting you. I think
that what the way that you and I are
talking about this relationship right
now makes it real.
>> Sure.
>> And I feel like the thing that is real
about it is the way time allows for
something like this to reveal these
fault lines in in the friendship that
may not be visible to the two women
having the conversation, right, but are
very clear to us because we've been here
the whole time, too,
>> right?
>> I don't know. That is such a wild thing
to experience on a show,
>> right? To have been with these people
for so long. Cuz Wesley, we can't make
old friends either. Like when I turn on
any one of the 13 apps I have on my
smart TV, they're all asking me to
engage in something new, to learn about
new people. But also, because of how
fickle TV has gotten as an industry,
I don't know if I should invest in these
people. I don't know if they're going to
be gone in one
>> season. I don't know if they're going to
be gone in half a season. I don't know
if I'm going to wake up and find the
entire show taken off the platform for a
tax deduction.
But with this, this is rewarding
something I already know.
These friendships,
I am safe in these friendships. These
two people are safe in these
friendships. There's no universe where
they stop talking except
you know the Samantha.
Do you remember what the premise of of
Samantha leaving was?
>> She went to London to
>> she went to London
after Carrie
fired her as her book publicist. She
fled to London and some of the first
season of this is spent
>> Oh, right. of like is she like maybe
she'll soften, maybe she'll talk and she
sends she sends flowers
>> constantly texting constantly flowering.
>> I mean we know what happened here which
is also like a crazy referendum like the
thing that happened is public that Kim
Catrell does not want to return to it
right
>> is public. So there's this like to
further the realism there is the one
friend who just disappeared and that
happens a lot too. M
>> the friend group is not the original
friend group. Someone left, went to
London, couldn't deal with it anymore.
>> I don't know. I think it's like such a
mirror to how hard it is to love each
other as hard as these kinds of
friendships love each other.
>> Can I I don't know. I'm really, it's
been really fascinating just thinking
about why I am so drawn to this show
because I actually find being in this
world kind of moving, right?
>> Me, too.
>> At the end of that fight that Carrie and
Miranda have,
>> I I'm I'm I'm sorry. I I said those
silly things before.
>> I I was really
>> Hey, the trash is all out. Uh I'd use
your neighbor's cans, too. You need me
to do anything else?
>> No. No. I think we're all good.
>> Yeah, we're good.
>> We're good, right? We're good.
>> Okay.
>> Carrie is like, "We're good."
>> Yeah.
>> It's okay.
>> And Miranda is free to like relax a
little bit and go home and go to sleep,
>> right? Like all abused people who are
just like terrified. Yes. Yes. Agree.
>> That's the thing about this show. I am
watching somewhat anthropologically but
mostly I'm just
>> I really like these people and I really
like the bond among them and I am
enjoying seeing the bonds be tested and
pushed and strengthened you know laughed
at and taken seriously.
>> Yeah. Um because we also don't have
enough works of at least screen culture,
right?
>> Like popular fiction that takes place on
a screen that is really exploring the
meaning and possibilities of friendship.
>> Right. And middle age.
>> And middle age.
>> Right. I love that. I hope these women
take me right over the finish line.
>> Yeah.
>> And I do mean death. Like I would like
them. You're going over the cliff
>> with these five people.
>> 30 years.
>> Okay.
>> Taffy Wesley,
>> thank you for talking to me about this
show.
>> You are my friend through the years.
>> Oh, I appreciate that.
>> I love talking to you about this.
>> I will let you tell me that I am barking
up the wrong tree when I tell you about
your relationship any time of the day.
>> And I will wear a gold lame jumpsuit in
your kitchen and eat cake.
[Music]
Taffy,
I can't believe I just said goodbye to
you and now I had to call you back. You
needed to be summoned to go over some
breaking news.
>> The universe is gone. Teffy WT that FF.
>> I was so shocked
and upset by this. And really not
prepared for it. Were you?
>> Uh, no. I was surprised. But, you know,
the news person in me is just like, "Oh
my god, more work." But the And just
like that person in me was like, "You
know what? I like it. I like it when
things that I'm not ready to say goodbye
to say goodbye to me." And it seems like
this was it. They had gotten to the end
of a thing that they didn't feel like
was worth continuing because it was in a
satisfying place. And why go through all
that hate approprium backlash, second
guessing, and and contempt? But you and
I were talking about this thing going on
till we die now. The show the show has
died on us
>> or them.
>> Or them. Oh man.
>> Yeah. I I do wonder
if this show could not survive
the discourse around it that maybe
everyone involved was, you know, too
successful and had enough money or I I
don't know. I listen, this is grief
talking like your stage of grief is
you're upset that you have more work to
do.
>> I've got some more grief.
>> My stage of grief is that I am on a
witch hunt.
I am Yeah. I just wonder if this show
needed to be rooted for
>> more than it was.
>> And I guess so I blame I I I blame
everyone. I blame the people who were
snarking about it and who could not bear
um a a a a
documentary about women on the Upper
East Side. Y
>> I would have liked to have seen what
happened to Carrie once she exits the
post Sex in the City world. Like she's
gotten rid of Aiden and now she's living
on her own terms. I want to say I have
seen since then the first episode of of
the final two and it does seem
interesting to me and I love it that the
way they are they seem to be wrapping it
up is in this compelling
um stand for why can't this woman who
should clearly be alone who has spent
all season proving she cannot she cannot
live with with others
can she be alone alone. Can she have
some peace? And I hope that the answer
is yes. Because as I said, one of the
things that was in retrospect, I was
rooting for Carrie and Big to get
together at the end the way everyone was
and it was Paris and it was the name
necklace and it was everything. I was
rooting for that.
>> But
now I'm older.
Some people who give it a try, who have
had a happy marriage, who have not had a
happy marriage,
it is okay for them to decide, I have
these good friendships. I have all this
money. I have this shoe collection that
I call lover
>> and maybe I don't need anything more but
my writing. And I guess the most
revolutionary thing this show could do
it it was revolutionary before it's
revolutionary right down to them talking
about menopause
and now it's revolutionary in that it
seems it seems set up to leave Carrie
content and alone. I just wish that I
had been told this would be the last
season. I don't know that it would cast
a shadow. I think it would have just
been confident storytelling, right? Like
this has been three seasons and we have
enjoyed it and we've we've gone down all
of these avenues and Miranda is safe in
a relationship and a new identity and
and Charlotte has evolved by staying the
same and Carrie is going to end up alone
like almost in a storytelling
correction. Mhm.
>> May we all be granted so much grace.
>> I know. This is why I'm saying I'm okay
with them going. And I I want to say
also I think this is a good time to say
thank you, Taffy. Like not
>> I'm You're fine.
>> Not from me to you.
>> I'm okay with my son. I know to say it
to them. I'm okay with my son going to
college. It's right on time. But aren't
I allowed to be sad? I'm not telling you
not to be sad, but we're talking about
stages of grief.
>> You know what? Here, let's
>> live in front of you. I am going to
accept this.
>> I am going to accept it and I am going
to say thank you to this entire show and
everyone who made it
>> and I appreciate the opportunity it gave
me to reflect on who they became and
what what I became while I was watching.
I also am going to pour one out because
those people helped make me me. They
made the city I live in seem way more
fun than it sometimes actually was. They
made sex seem like it was worth
continuing to have even when it never
even seemed to work. They made
friendship seem worth delving into and
and continuing to try to to build upon
>> and maintaining and maintaining when
it's hard and knowing that you can't
make old friends.
>> Yeah. It's how we learned the value of
hose over bros.
>> Are we allowed to say stuff like that?
>> Hose over bros. We We're going to take
it. Not only we're going to take it.
Hose over bros.
Amen.
>> Amen.
[Music]